Update ServiceName definition to clarify intent (#116)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/dimensions/servicename.md

# Service Name

> A service represents the offering that was purchased through the provider (e.g., professional or cloud services). For cloud resources, the service is a higher-level classification of the resource type and may include multiple usage charges of different types (e.g., compute, storage, networking). The service is not a classification of the type of usage. Instead, it represents the offering you might find on a provider's website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A service represents an offering that encapsulates resources and/or services that can be purchased from a provider (e.g., cloud virtual machine offering, a SaaS database offering or professional services offering from a systems integrator). With in a service, providers can charge for usage of various resources, capabilities and features consumed (e.g. a cloud database service may provide multiple charges for compute, storage and networking consumed by a resource).
```

Author: I feel like "encapsulates resources and/or services" adds an unnecessary layer of ambiguity here 🤔

Author: Let me know what you think of this...

> The Service Name is a display name for the service or offering that was purchased. The Service Name is commonly used for scenarios like analyzing aggregate cost trends over time and filtering data to investigate anomalies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Service Name is a display name for the offering that was consumed. The Service Name is commonly used for scenarios like analyzing aggregate cost trends over time and filtering data to investigate anomalies.
```

Author: In this context, "purchased" was referring to the acquisition of an offering, not the usage of it. We could change it to "acquire". We use purchase in the first sentence, so leaving that for now. Do people think we should change both?

# Service Name

> A service represents the offering that was purchased through the provider (e.g., cloud or professional services). For cloud resources, the service is a higher-level classification of the resource type and may include multiple usage charges of different types (e.g., compute, storage, networking). The service is not a classification of the type of usage. Instead, it represents the offering you might find on a provider's website.

Reviewer: cloud itself isn't the service though right? a Should the service examples be "Cloud Kubernetes, a SaaS relational database or a professional services and things like that?

Author: What if I flip them?
```suggestion
A service represents the offering that was purchased through the provider (e.g., professional or cloud services). For cloud resources, the service is a higher-level classification of the resource type and may include multiple usage charges of different types (e.g., compute, storage, networking). The service is not a classification of the type of usage. Instead, it represents the offering you might find on a provider's website.
```

> The Service Name is a friendly name for the service or offering that was purchased. The Service Name is commonly used for scenarios like analyzing aggregate cost trends over time and filtering data to investigate anomalies.

Reviewer: Should we use 'display name'? since thats what we've used for other name columns

Author: I thought about that. I didn't because there's no corresponding ID. That said, I'm fine with that for consistency.

## Description

> A service represents the offering that was purchased through the provider (e.g., professional or cloud services).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A service represents an offering that encapsulates resources and/or services that can be purchased from a provider (e.g., cloud virtual machine offering, a SaaS database offering or professional services offering from a systems integrator)
```
